# README.md

## Concierge-NLP-Cluster

Concierge-NLP-Cluster is a customizable document embedding and storage pipeline that leverages OpenAI's 
machine learning models for text processing and analysis, and the in-memory database Redis for storage
and retrieval. The service provides an API for file upload and storage, processes and transforms the contents of the files, 
and stores the processed information for later retrieval and analysis. The project is designed with modularity and scalability
in mind, allowing easy modification and expansion as needed.

## Getting Started

Before starting, ensure that you have Docker and Docker-compose installed on your machine.

1. Clone the repository: 
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/fmanrique8/concierge-nlp-cluster.git
   ```
2. Create a .env file in the same directory as the docker-compose.yml file with the following variables:

   ```
   OPENAI_API_KEY=<your_openai_api_key>
   REDIS_HOST=<your_redis_host>
   REDIS_PORT=<your_redis_port>
   REDIS_PASSWORD=<your_redis_password>
   ```

## Deploying the Application Locally
1. Navigate to the project directory containing the docker-compose.yml file.
2. Run the following command to deploy the application:

   ```
   docker-compose up --build
   ```
- This command will build the Docker images and start the containers.


## Accessing the Application
The application will be available at:
- FastAPI Server: http://localhost:8000


## Testing the Application
To test the application, you can use the FastAPI autogenerated documentation by visiting http://localhost:8000/docs. This will provide you with an interactive interface to upload documents and ask questions about the content.
- Go to the /upload-files/ endpoint and upload your documents. The supported file formats are PDF, DOCX, and TXT.

## License
Mozilla Public License Version 2.0

